cheyenne is zero i'm off to engage with
destiny good or bad what the hell are
you talking about man the hour of
judgment is upon me and I must ask
myself if I am a sheep or a goat Carl
will you be my second here are some
letters I've left everything to you in
case I don't make it please already own
it what's wrong with you man we are
crossing the Rubicon I am to engage in
battle with Berkeley at stake honor and
our very lives it's funny I've never
noticed before how beautiful this time
of year can be I may never again see
Rome in the springtime a butterfly come
on with all the talking man as you won't
battle Berkeley or what it's a fight to
the death come hither behold no man's
land man y'all take this shit seriously
Berkeley's headquarters is across no
man's land I'll Drive the Bandit you fly
the Goblin and help any way you can if I
get the Bandit into Berkeley's base he
must leave San Fierro for good let
battle commence
Carl don't be an idiot use the Goblin to
move that barrel
get a plank from our base and make a
bridge across that gap get me a plank to
cross that River
berkeley's using tanks Carl grab a bomb
and get rid of any tanks that threaten
our progress
Carl I'm blocked there's another curse
at barrel in the way move it Carl
Berkeley's blocked me again
curse you Berkeley Carl move that barrel
Carl there's no bridge there's no bridge
Carl I need a bridge now
get me a plank to cross that River Carl
move that obstruction Carl I'm blocked
there's another curse at barrel in the
way move it Carl Berkeley's blocked me
again
curse you Berkeley Carl move that barrel
Carl move that obstruction
Carl I'm block
ha ha ha berkeley you sir are a loser
leave the field of battle in shame pack
up your crummy mail-order business and
get out of my town Carl you were all the
Duelist like me could want in a second
sir I salute you
you